baby I like lake lake trout lake ooh
there's a beautiful lakefront climbing
wall and bouncy thing or majiggy ER hey
what's going on how you doing here well
we got mega with our mouths back here
dan we're gonna get me and get busy in
this kitchen gets up going on aren't we
whoo we have come we have arrived and my
friend Richard is coming what's going on
brother thanks sir good first first time
meeting in person we've been talking for
about a year in a bit hey absolutely
freaking stoked a little time to get
here Oh Bell noon yeah yeah yeah nice
had a couple people walk up to me it was
like hey you're Richard come with dad
you know what it absolutely experienced
calm yes splash / x.x no II brought ex
perience I know this yeah i'll put it up
proper magic holy mango or daughter to
give madness your Woodstock madness
unpacking the truck I got to jump in
here everything's getting situated i met
a peculiar and we got a room that didn't
show you that but i'll see em all it's
the beginning of two thousand durians
couple melons some mangoes this is just
the start this is just the start oh my
god
the festival was
my god oh god oh my god just welcome
systems are festival
oh oh what are you getting into their
mic time for the party midnight hug
durian at midnight with my Carson what
do you think weaving I've never had dory
so what yeah let's get this party
started rah it's risking her again yeah
double double double double double
double caribbean party oh icic happiness
Richard Ethan oh yeah that's a good one
get it on that get on that me what deal
Nyjah good she good you got you like a
jake grant grant smelt something using
bed what happened he would be good oh
yeah how's it going buddy you're biking
nice guess people working out over here
my shirts classes yet to Ted car can't
go check out the kitchen it's not quite
my duty yet but can help out and then
get ready for Kindle Eenie did my Ken
daleney class give dan dan a quick foot
massage count eat some lunch in the
kitchen cold room number one
it is seriously complete insanity we got
a bunch of people we got millions of
watermelons we got both five rooms food
it is seriously easily Woodstock time
two or three for master oh my god are
you guys ready for it it's ready for it
okay hon what's going on over here guys
what's going on this is kitchen crew
some tacos you got some some guacamole
dispersion some salsa sensation crazed
madman those are delicious
we got ck at the bonfire the heat and
blazing know but I want to get the boxes
it's 1am Lisa and I last in the kitchen
Richardson he just went to bed just
closing her up ready for an awesome week
day full one down time sleep so still
being a fish whole day to full day to
already been down to the kitchens just
checking everything out seeing
everything's going making sure they're
putting out enough food for lunch and
stuff that handling good just giving
some extra little things heading up to
my rock power yoga class should be
really fun don't think I can film this
one but then back to kitchen for madness
Mike's putting me on the spot here we
got the documentary film it and he's
putting 165 on here I honestly don't
even know what I put push cuz i usually
uses paint cans and stuff we'll see
go go go go look at that dude you're not
better so Chris brokers go here we go
nice been made more than half the world
can you invent Ross on these fruits and
vegetables how much we got there Doug
Doug just challenging a little bit of a
dead left this is 40 I don't know 120
kilos hundred ten kilos
oh is that okay is that it is that an ok
piece of your hand oh my god it should
be it's like the best thing of a red
wine let's see but it tastes like this
is a problem you're too excited we're
not gonna let your back next oh no I'm
coming back because I will be half the
man I am now and you were wrong this
tastes like frickin cool wait wait till
you're great this go go ahead yeah we
got Jake and Chris I remember that I was
like cool what hey guys what it up hey I
don't you can see anything in here can
you see do you can hey do you think you
could do me a favor and hold this in
filming help a banana
man humming and would start from first
for you